Gmail: Search large numbers of mailboxes (#23175)
demisto/content: Packs/Gmail/ReleaseNotes/1_2_7.md

#### Integrations
##### Gmail
- **Note**: The argument *show-only-mailboxes* will now be True by default when using the command ***gmail-search-all-mailboxes***.

> - Added support for a large search in the ***gmail-search-all-mailboxes*** command, please see to the description of the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for searching large numbers of mailboxes in ***gmail-search-all-mailboxes***, please refer to the command's description for more information.
```

#### Playbooks
##### New: Search all mailboxes - Gmail with polling

> - Added the new playbook. This playbook searches Gmail records for all Google users, designed for large companies with over 2500 Google users. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 6.5.0).

Reviewer: Does it search _all_ accounts accessible?
